README.md, before:

![wasiqb-banner](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/9130909/150674884-e0908367-35bf-4d5f-af09-8f744f0e7b9f.png)

<div align="center">
  <h1>Hi there, I'm Wasiq Amjad Bhamla 👋</h1>

[![Linkedin Badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/-WasiqBhamla-blue?style=for-the-badge&logo=Linkedin&logoColor=white&link=https://www.linkedin.com/in/wasiqbhamla/)][linkedin]
[![Website Badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/-wasiqbhamla.github.io-47CCCC?style=for-the-badge&logo=Google-Chrome&logoColor=white&link=https://wasiqb.github.io)][site]
[![Twitter Badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/-@_WasiqBhamla-1ca0f1?style=for-the-badge&labelColor=1ca0f1&logo=twitter&logoColor=white&link=https://twitter.com/WasiqBhamla)][twitter]
[![YouTube Channel Subscribers](https://img.shields.io/youtube/channel/subscribers/UC5dVxwIGl4xfY4gjkWuMspA?label=Subscribe%20to%20my%20YouTube&logo=YouTube&style=for-the-badge)][youtube]

</div>

- 🔭 I’m currently working on? ... different awesome open source projects.
- 🌱 I’m currently learning? ... React and other new tools
- 👯 I’m looking to collaborate on? ... Any test automation related open source projects.
- 💬 Ask me about anything related to? ... Automation testing, techniques, and tools.
- 📫 How to reach me: <https://wasiqbhamla.github.io/website/>
- ⚡ Fun fact: I like playing Chess and Carrom.

<div align="center">
  <h2>📊 Profile stats</h2>

![Wasiq's GitHub Stats](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=WasiqB&show_icons=true&theme=radical)
![Top Langs](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=WasiqB&hide=scss,css,html&theme=dark&layout=compact)

</div>

<div align="center">
  <h2>🎉 Check out some of my repositories</h2>

[![ReadMe Card](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/pin/?username=BoykaFramework&repo=boyka-framework&theme=dark)](https://github.com/BoykaFramework/boyka-framework)
[![ReadMe Card](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/pin/?username=WasiqB&repo=multiple-cucumber-html-reporter&theme=dark)](https://github.com/WasiqB/multiple-cucumber-html-reporter)
[![ReadMe Card](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/pin/?username=WasiqB&repo=ultra-reporter-app&theme=dark)](https://github.com/WasiqB/ultra-reporter-app)

</div>

[linkedin]: https://www.linkedin.com/in/wasiqbhamla
[site]: https://wasiqbhamla.github.io/website/
[twitter]: https://twitter.com/WasiqBhamla
[youtube]: https://youtube.com/@WasiqBhamla

Commit message:

Revise README with new links and personal details
Updated personal information and links in README.

README.md, after:

![wasiqb-banner](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/9130909/150674884-e0908367-35bf-4d5f-af09-8f744f0e7b9f.png)

<div align="center">
  <h1>Hi there, I'm Wasiq Amjad Bhamla 👋</h1>

[![Linkedin Badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/-WasiqBhamla-blue?style=for-the-badge&logo=LinkedIn&logoColor=white&link=https://www.linkedin.com/in/wasiqbhamla/)][linkedin]
[![Website Badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/-wasiqbhamla.com-47CCCC?style=for-the-badge&logo=Google-Chrome&logoColor=white&link=https://wasiqb.github.io)][site]
[![Twitter Badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/-@_WasiqBhamla-1ca0f1?style=for-the-badge&labelColor=1ca0f1&logo=x&logoColor=white&link=https://c.com/WasiqBhamla)][twitter]
[![YouTube Channel Subscribers](https://img.shields.io/youtube/channel/subscribers/UC5dVxwIGl4xfY4gjkWuMspA?label=Subscribe%20to%20my%20YouTube&logo=YouTube&style=for-the-badge)][youtube]

</div>

- 🔭 I’m currently working on? ... writing blogs, different awesome open source projects and YouTube videos
- 🌱 I’m currently learning? ... NextJS and other new development tools
- 👯 I’m looking to collaborate on? ... Any test automation and NextJS based open source projects.
- 💬 Ask me about anything related to? ... Automation testing, techniques, and tools.
- 📫 How to reach me: <https://wasiqbhamla.com/>
- ⚡ Fun fact: I like playing Chess and Carrom.

## 🔔 Subscribe to the channel to get notified when new videos gets published

## Checkout videos 👇

<!-- BEGIN YOUTUBE-CARDS -->
[![Learn iOS 17 Mobile Automation from scratch with Appium 2.0 and Java 17](https://ytcards.demolab.com/?id=VuO287mmFaM&title=Learn+iOS+17+Mobile+Automation+from+scratch+with+Appium+2.0+and+Java+17&lang=en&timestamp=1696653343&background_color=%230d1117&title_color=%23ffffff&stats_color=%23dedede&max_title_lines=1&width=250&border_radius=5 "Learn iOS 17 Mobile Automation from scratch with Appium 2.0 and Java 17")](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VuO287mmFaM)
[![Learn Android Mobile Automation Testing from Scratch with Appium 2.0 and Java 17](https://ytcards.demolab.com/?id=DvgEjgnOxSc&title=Learn+Android+Mobile+Automation+Testing+from+Scratch+with+Appium+2.0+and+Java+17&lang=en&timestamp=1695713169&background_color=%230d1117&title_color=%23ffffff&stats_color=%23dedede&max_title_lines=1&width=250&border_radius=5 "Learn Android Mobile Automation Testing from Scratch with Appium 2.0 and Java 17")](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DvgEjgnOxSc)
[![Different ways of inspecting Mobile web elements: A Beginner's Journey into Appium Tutorials](https://ytcards.demolab.com/?id=yyNUOvq2sXE&title=Different+ways+of+inspecting+Mobile+web+elements%3A+A+Beginner%27s+Journey+into+Appium+Tutorials&lang=en&timestamp=1695564009&background_color=%230d1117&title_color=%23ffffff&stats_color=%23dedede&max_title_lines=1&width=250&border_radius=5 "Different ways of inspecting Mobile web elements: A Beginner's Journey into Appium Tutorials")](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yyNUOvq2sXE)
[![Appium Inspector with Appium 2.0: Mastering Appium 2.0 - A Beginner's Journey into Appium Tutorials](https://ytcards.demolab.com/?id=JhwJhoQ-zQo&title=Appium+Inspector+with+Appium+2.0%3A+Mastering+Appium+2.0+-+A+Beginner%27s+Journey+into+Appium+Tutorials&lang=en&timestamp=1693838540&background_color=%230d1117&title_color=%23ffffff&stats_color=%23dedede&max_title_lines=1&width=250&border_radius=5 "Appium Inspector with Appium 2.0: Mastering Appium 2.0 - A Beginner's Journey into Appium Tutorials")](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JhwJhoQ-zQo)
[![Revamp Your Mac OS Terminal like a PRO: Boost Your Productivity Today!](https://ytcards.demolab.com/?id=EyiOLVOLShA&title=Revamp+Your+Mac+OS+Terminal+like+a+PRO%3A+Boost+Your+Productivity+Today%21&lang=en&timestamp=1690205806&background_color=%230d1117&title_color=%23ffffff&stats_color=%23dedede&max_title_lines=1&width=250&border_radius=5 "Revamp Your Mac OS Terminal like a PRO: Boost Your Productivity Today!")](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EyiOLVOLShA)
[![Machine setup for Appium 2.0: Mastering Appium 2.0 - A Beginner's Journey into Appium Tutorials](https://ytcards.demolab.com/?id=wT2iiAUQ5BA&title=Machine+setup+for+Appium+2.0%3A+Mastering+Appium+2.0+-+A+Beginner%27s+Journey+into+Appium+Tutorials&lang=en&timestamp=1689441114&background_color=%230d1117&title_color=%23ffffff&stats_color=%23dedede&max_title_lines=1&width=250&border_radius=5 "Machine setup for Appium 2.0: Mastering Appium 2.0 - A Beginner's Journey into Appium Tutorials")](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wT2iiAUQ5BA)
<!-- END YOUTUBE-CARDS -->

## 🙋‍♂️ Support

💙 If you would like to support my work:

<p align="left">
  <a href="https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC5dVxwIGl4xfY4gjkWuMspA?sub_confirmation=1"><img alt="Youtube" title="Youtube" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/-Subscribe-red?style=for-the-badge&logo=youtube&logoColor=white"/></a>
  <a href="https://github.com/sponsors/Learn-Test-Automation"><img alt="Sponsor with Github" title="Sponsor with Github" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/-Sponsor-ea4aaa?style=for-the-badge&logo=github&logoColor=white"/></a>
</p>

[linkedin]: https://www.linkedin.com/in/wasiqbhamla
[site]: https://wasiqbhamla.com/
[twitter]: https://x.com/WasiqBhamla
[youtube]: https://youtube.com/@WasiqBhamla
